hey guys chris fix here at the end of
this winch cable is a car i just got for
it doesn't run it doesn't drive and
today i'm gonna show you guys how to fix
it up so we could get it running and
driving at home with common hand tools
on a budget so we'll spend less than a
thousand dollars to get a really nice
running and driving car you guys are
always asking me chris what's a good
first car something that's safe
something that's large what's a good
around town car that could carry stuff
or an inexpensive family car well this
car hits on all that and i paid 500 for
it so let's check it out now this is a
clean title 2005 chevy trailblazer lt
and while the title is clean this car is
a mess this is so dirty the outside has
faded paint it's all oxidized but don't
worry i did check right here check this
out i compounded and polished right in
this little square here and that paint
looks awesome especially compared to
this old faded paint so the outside we
will be able to clean up and make look
really good now how about the inside
well as you can see the inside isn't
very clean either we're gonna have to do
a lot of work to get it clean also we're
missing a couple of trim pieces there
should be a trim piece right around the
handle here and also around that handle
on that side and finally this center
console well it doesn't latch all things
that we could easily fix so i'm not too
concerned because this is a very well
optioned car we have heated seats in the
front we have a sunroof all the weather
all the interior pieces are in good
condition otherwise so we'll be able to
clean this up really nicely but i'm not
concerned with how clean the interior is
or how clean the exterior is what i'm
concerned about
is getting this car running when i was
at the owner's house i couldn't get it
started i couldn't even get the turnover
because this battery was so dead i tried
attaching jumper cables to it a charger
everything but it's just so dead there
wasn't even a click from the starter but
with that said i did make sure to check
some of the car's vitals for example i
checked the oil wanted to make sure it
was in good condition there was no froth
which could indicate a head gasket leak
and also that it was all the way filled
up and it was so that was good i also
checked the transmission fluid wanted to
make sure it was filled and that it was
somewhat pink which it was so that was
also good and finally make sure the
coolant was topped off it wasn't rusty
it was the correct decks cool that
should be in here so that was good as
well so the engine oil transmission
fluid and coolant all look normal
there's nothing that stands out that
looks bad like a head gasket leak or
something but that doesn't mean our
engine is good it could still have low
compression it could still have other
issues that would make it junk and not
worth to fix and we don't know because
we can't even get it to turn over now i
use that to my advantage when
negotiating with the owner and i also
found a couple of other things that i
want to show you guys now underneath the
car the first thing i noticed was this
exhaust system this muffler
well it shot and then if we come and
look up over by the fuel tank check this
out there's like melted plastic or
something this looks like this should be
an emission hose like a evap hose or
something plus back here it looks like
the gas tank is like melted or deformed
or something right there so there's a
lot more here that's wrong than a fuel
pump and after inspecting the entire suv
the owner says he wants a thousand
dollars for it and it just needs a fuel
pump and i disagree i saw it needed a
battery needed an exhaust needed
something with the evap system in the
rear maybe a new gas tank needs a bunch
of interior bits and pieces a good
cleaning and a lot of little odds and
ends here and there so for me it was
worth 500 that's the offer i made him he
tried to go 750 then he came down to 650
then he said 550 but i held out and i
said listen 500
cash i'll tow it today and that's what
we agreed upon so you always want to
hold firm at whatever price you think
the car is worth don't go above that and
here's why i chose 500 so let's just say
worst case scenario we can't get the car
running so all you need to do is go to
google and search junk car removal and
click one of the links that come up this
was the first one that came up they
offered me 410 for this car and they tow
it away that's not even a name your
price that's their first offer if i
wanted to i could probably put 500 and
get all 500 back worst case scenario
though i could get 410 dollars and
they'll tow the car away and they could
do that because cars like this have
value in the catalytic converters the
parts to it so junkyards part them out
and recycling so worst case scenario i
lose 90 that's the risk but the reward
is a lot greater check this out this car
in good condition is worth four thousand
dollars at a dealer and three thousand
dollars private party so that means if
we could fix this up we could sell it
for three thousand dollars giving us a
profit of two thousand dollars which is
an awesome upside so if you want to fix
the car up and flip it you'll make
yourself about two thousand dollars but
if you want to fix it up and keep it
you'll save yourself about two to three
thousand dollars either way it's a lot
of fun let's see if we can get this car
started and to do that here are all the
tools that you're gonna need let's check
it out
and as usual we're using common hand
tools stuff that you can get at your
local hardware store that won't break
the bank so we have a 150 piece socket
set we have some screwdrivers breaker
bar a saw a hammer torque wrench we have
a pliers and we can't forget about our
safety glasses so let's put these on now
now you've probably noticed all these
tools here are craftsman tools and the
reason why is because craftsman reached
out to me and they said they wanted a
partner in a video with me and they said
they'll give me whatever tools i need
they could give me three giant toolboxes
loaded with tools but instead i said why
not i want to show that we could get
this car running with a simple tool set
something like this 150 piece set and
you know a couple miscellaneous hand
tools and that's the goal the whole
point is we could do this at home
without breaking the bank so let's get
this car started now the first thing we
need to do is remove the old dead
battery so remove the cables from the
battery and out with the old and in with
the new then tighten up each of the
battery cables so they're snug and have
a good connection and it's important
that we secure the battery so tighten
down the battery hold down and now our
battery is safe and won't be a
projectile if there's an accident so
with the new battery in let's go see if
we could start her up all right so the
previous owner said it won't run because
it has a bad fuel pump we're about to
test that out right now we're gonna put
the key in the ignition and turn it to
the run position i want to listen for a
fuel pump hum behind me
i don't hear anything so the fuel pump
isn't running which is expected that's
what he said let's go try to start it
anyway
ah that's not good i wasn't expecting
that okay so our starter isn't
functioning either
that stinks two electrical issues that
makes me think we should check the fuse
box and look for any blown fuses so
let's go do that and the fuse box on
this car is located right behind the
battery so all we have to do is pop this
off and then there's a little cover here
which we could also pop off and now we
want to take a look at our fuses and
it's helpful if you grab the owner's
manual because in the owner's manual it
has the fuse box and then what each fuse
does and since the advertisement said
the fuel pump was bad on this car before
i went to go look at it i did some
research to see what causes a bad fuel
pump on a 2005 trailblazer there is no
fuel pump fuse that's the first thing i
always look for instead the powertrain
control module we have one right here at
fuse number 28 and one right here at
fuse number 10 both of those control the
fuel pump so let's check those fuses and
to check them we're going to use a
multimeter and we're going to set it to
ohms now this is super easy on the top
of every fuse there are two metal pieces
you're going to touch your leads to when
you do that the numbers on the
multimeter should change if it changes
that means the fuse is good if it stays
one that means it's bad so keep an eye
on the multimeter if we touch this and
it changes our fuse is good so let's
test it and nothing is happening okay so
we found a bad fuse let's go check out
the other fuse as well and there we go
that fuse is good so this pcm fuse right
here is bad so let's remove that fuse
with our needle nose pliers and check it
out so this is a 20 amp fuse and it's
looking a little bit melted at the top
there and check that out you see how
there's a gap in there those two pieces
of metal should be connected and it's
not so this fuse is blown here's what it
should look like you see how the two
pieces of metal are connected in there
this fuse is good so let's install it so
get the blades of the fuse in the slot
and push it in all the way like so and
i'm actually relieved to see a bad fuse
because that means we're on to something
so with that fuse replaced let's go
start the car all right so let's put the
key in the run position and we want to
hear a fuel pump hum behind us
okay that's a good sign the fuel pump is
humming let's see if she'll start
come on
okay well the starter worked the fuel
pump's going let's try this one more
time and see what happens
come on
all right
yes that is awesome okay we got this we
got the car started that's so good okay
real quick you always want to make sure
there's oil pressure and you can see we
have oil pressure so that's good the
battery's working we are low on fuel so
we gotta i think i'm gonna shut this off
pretty quickly but real quick let's go
outside and
oh man check this out
it is so loud
oh man that muffler is shut okay i'm
going to shut this off real quick
because i don't want anything to get
damaged oh baby
oh and we have a check engine light too
so uh there's a couple things wrong with
this obviously we'll fix it up but
most importantly we got her running this
is so exciting yes
whoo man that is exciting that's super
important that we got this car running
so we know there's a couple things wrong
apparently the owner ran this out of
fuel and whenever you run something out
of fuel the fuel pump isn't lubricated
it's not cooled and that's potentially
what caused that fuse to pop an
overheated fuel pump it's just a guess
but either way we got it running and
that is huge now let's see if we can
move her under her own power onto the
ramps will she go in reverse
okay well that works and the brakes also
work
good now any time i put a car up on
ramps i put it in park i pull the
e-brake and i always like to chalk off
the wheels so there's no chance of the
car rolling so now let me show you the
parts we're gonna install into this car
to get it so it's safe and reliable to
drive and since we're doing this on a
budget i went to a junkyard and i got a
fuel tank that has everything we need
for a hundred dollars it has the fuel
pump it has all those emissions hoses
for the evap it even comes with that
charcoal canister in the back there all
that for a hundred dollars was a great
deal compared to brand new with just the
fuel tank is 800 big difference there
but we don't know the condition of that
fuel pump so i did buy a brand new oem
fuel pump so this car is gonna run
perfect we also have a muffler this is a
direct bolt-in muffler it'll bolt right
into the flange on the car and then the
other side we'll use a clamp and then i
also got some interior bits and pieces
so we can make this car look perfect all
right the first thing we need to do is
replace this rusted muffler and to do
that there's a bar that runs along the
bottom here we need to remove that it's
held in by two fasteners one on this
side one on the other side now the
fasteners on this car are pretty rusted
and you might be looking around and see
there's a lot of surface rust this is
typical of a northeast car we get salt
on the roads in the winter and this is
not bad as long as it's not structural
this is all just surface rust so it's
really nothing i know that's gonna be a
question you guys have but the rust does
make it difficult to remove fasteners so
a trick is to get some penetrating fluid
and spray down the bolt threads with the
penetrating fluid and let it soak for a
minute if you know you're going to be
doing this job you could even soak these
down a few days early to make it even
easier to remove the bolts now we could
grab our ratchet and remove the bolts
and just as i figured these are stuck on
there good from all the rust so this is
where a breaker bar which is double the
length of a ratchet will give you extra
leverage to break these bolts loose and
look at how easy that made it now that
it's broken loose we can loosen it the
rest of the way with a ratchet and take
a look at that you can see the
penetrating fluid gets into the threads
and that's what helps make it easier to
loosen the bolt so let's do the same
thing on the other side spray down the
bolt break it free with our breaker bar
and loosen it the rest of the way with
the ratchet so we can remove this cross
member so with that cross member removed
we're able to drop the exhaust out and
that's exactly what we want now there's
two fasteners in the front at that
flange over there and then back here you
can see we have a complete welded piece
so we're gonna have to make a cut right
about here but to know exactly where to
make the cut we need our new exhaust
which is right here check that out so
the back it's nice this whole thing is
just bolt in the back has the two
fasteners that we're gonna bolt up right
where that flange goes it's the same
exact size the only difference is we
don't have that welded piece in the back
instead we have a piece that sticks out
like that so this piece sticks out a
couple inches past the back of the
muffler and that's pretty much where
this is right here so i'm going to leave
a little space i'm going to cut right
here that way we have some room we could
always take a little bit more away but
it's a lot harder to add on so let's cut
right about there
now one trick that helps you cut
straight is to grab some tape and wrap
the tape around the pipe this gives you
a straight line to follow as you cut
because if you just eyeball it you could
cut at an angle by mistake so get the
saw on the line and start cutting the
pipe
beautiful and this muffler definitely
had to be replaced
so now with this end of the muffler
sawed off let's head over to the front
of the muffler at the flange and we need
to remove these two nuts holding it on
now i already sprayed these down with
penetrating fluid so they could soak so
grab your breaker bar and let's break
them free well we broke it free for sure
good thing the new muffler has the studs
on it so snapping this isn't a big deal
let's see if the other side is going to
break loose or snap
and this side snap too it actually works
in our favor this makes it a lot quicker
than trying to remove the nuts so now we
can remove the muffler and to get the
muffler off the exhaust hanger a little
trick is to use some silicone spray as
lubricant and then wedge a flathead
screwdriver in there to help open up the
hole then pry it outwards and it should
come right out just like that
since the heat shield has some holes in
it i'm going to use a few layers of foil
tape to cover up the holes and reflect
that heat back down away from the cabin
as a quick simple fix and with that
patched up let's get the new muffler in
place so let's start by sliding it into
the exhaust hanger like that and now
it's very important that we clean up
this rusty flange so grab a metal wire
brush or 180 grit sandpaper and brush
around the flange where the new muffler
is going to mount to this is going to
help the new muffler seal correctly so
we don't have any exhaust leaks so with
this all cleaned up and smooth now let's
install the muffler get both studs
aligned and then hand tighten the nuts
onto the studs and it's important that
we go back and forth and tighten each
nut down a little at a time so the
muffler mates to the flange evenly that
way we don't get any leaks good so with
the two nuts tightened down that flange
is sealed now let's head over to the
rear of the muffler and install the rest
of the exhaust onto the end of the
muffler and this will slide right in
there perfect now i'm going to use one
of these u-bolt exhaust clamps and this
fits perfectly around the end of our
stock exhaust pipe and this is going to
create a nice tight seal now when you
tighten these nuts down do the same
thing as before and tighten one down a
little then tighten the other down a
little go back and forth so that you
have an even clamping force which is
going to seal the muffler completely
and the last thing to do is to install a
new rubber exhaust hanger insulator but
as you can see this one is slightly off
so let's hit the hanger with the hammer
and bend it back so we could get this on
and now with a little bit of wiggling
the rubber insulator could fit into
place like it should
all right with everything in place now
we're going to go start the car up and
we're going to grab our soapy water and
spray down all of the areas that we
connected the exhaust to make sure
there's no exhaust leaks all soapy water
is is dish soap and water it's going to
create bubbles if there's an exhaust
leak so let's start her up
and with the engine running spray down
the connection with soapy water and i
don't see any bubbles at all over here
so this looks good so now let's move to
the front and spray down this connection
as well beautiful and i don't see any
bubbles coming out of here so our
exhaust is sealed
all right with our exhaust installed
perfectly it's nice and quiet there's no
exhaust leaks next thing to do is to
drop the old tank and install the new
tank but before we drop the old tank
it's a good idea let's take a look at
the new tank to see all the connectors
we need to remove so we can successfully
remove and replace this tank okay
looking at our new fuel tank we'll start
at the rear we're gonna have to
disconnect our fuel filler hose and then
going to the front of the tank we have
two fuel lines we'll have to disconnect
these and then there's a strap here and
a strap here holding the tank up we'll
remove those straps and slowly lower the
tank about halfway not all the way
because we don't want to yank this
wiring harness out so then we'll undo
the wires for the wiring harness then we
can lower it the rest of the way and
that's all there is to it now before we
do any of this it's very important to
remove the fuel pressure from the fuel
lines so the fuel isn't squirting all
over the place and to do that it's very
easy we come over here to the fuse box
if you have a fuel pump fuse you're
gonna pull that in this case we have a
fuel pump relay so we're gonna pull that
out and then all we need to do is crank
the engine over a couple of times
and that will dissipate all the fuel
pressure because the fuel injectors are
firing but the fuel pump is off so now
we have no fuel pressure and finally
it's a good idea to disconnect the
negative terminal on your battery
anytime you're working with the fuel
system that'll prevent sparks and fuel
and sparks definitely don't mix and one
last safety tip is to always have a
class b fire extinguisher when working
with gasoline dropping the fuel tank
changing the fuel pump anything like
that we have a class b and c fire
extinguisher b is good for flammable
liquids and c is good for electrical
fires so we are well protected here now
we could begin dropping the fuel tank
okay so let's start at the rear of the
fuel tank right in front of the rear
axle where the fuel filler hose is first
loosen the hose clamp with a screwdriver
and slide the clamp up out of the way
then pull the hose off the tank
like that
next at the front of the tank let's
remove the two fuel lines and at the top
of the connection is a button you press
down so press that button and as you do
that pull the line out and remove it
just like that good now with the other
connector you can see the button on the
bottom press that in and pull the line
out and sometimes these are difficult to
remove so you could use a screwdriver to
pry the connector like so and that'll
free it enough so you could disconnect
it and i should mention there's probably
going to be some residual fuel in the
lines so have a towel or a catch can
ready just in case
so with the fuel lines disconnected now
we're able to drop the tank but before
we drop it this thing could be heavy so
we need to support the tank so slide a
jack under and raise the jack so it
lightly touches the bottom of the tank
and with the tank supported now we can
remove the straps that hold it in by
removing the bolts so let's break it
free with a breaker bar and then loosen
it the rest of the way with a ratchet
and with the first strap free let's head
to the back of the tank and remove the
second strap right here so break it free
with the breaker bar and then again
loosen it the rest of the way with a
ratchet good now let's carefully lower
the tank down about halfway which will
give us access to the fuel pump wiring
so pop the wire off the pressure sensor
and then pop the wire off the fuel pump
like so finally let's drop the tank down
the rest of the way and slide it out
from under the vehicle
now the last thing we need to do is
remove the old rusty charcoal canister
and this is held in by three bolts so
let's remove those and the canister
comes right out
so out with the old and in with the new
well almost new and check this out no
wonder this car had no fuel in it it
wasn't a busted fuel pump it was a
melted fuel tank and he couldn't fill it
up because of this fuel filler neck it's
just melted solid look at that no wonder
check it out this is what it's supposed
to look like fuel could easily get in
there and this is what happened this is
crazy i've never seen anything like this
i'm guessing that bad exhaust caused all
that hot exhaust gas to get all over
this and just melted the evap lines the
vent tube all this stuff here so this
tank wasn't working properly and he's
lucky he didn't have an explosion or a
fire so we're done with this one now
we're on to this one right here and all
we need to do is remove this old fuel
pump and we'll put the new fuel pump in
and then we'll get our tank installed
now this is gonna be the most difficult
part because all this is so rusted and
getting these hoses off without breaking
them is gonna be a pain but don't worry
i have a really good trick at removing
these connectors without breaking the
brittle plastic so let me show you let's
replace this fuel pump now it's very
important before you remove the fuel
pump you want to remove all the dirt and
rust sitting on top of the tank so it
doesn't fall into the tank by mistake
when you remove the fuel pump so i'm
going to clean off the top of the tank
and make sure that doesn't happen and
contaminate the fuel system and after
this is all clean we could remove these
two connectors from the fuel pump now
it's super important we do not damage
these they're very hard to find
replacements for and they're made of
plastic which is brittle so i'm going to
show you some tricks so that we get
these off successfully and you can see
how rusted everything is so got to be
very careful here the first thing to do
is spray down the connections with
penetrating fluid to help break apart
the rust next grab a flathead
screwdriver and press the button in on
the connector and at the same time twist
the connector and pull it upwards until
the connector comes off like that good
now with the other connector do the same
thing press the button in with the
screwdriver
oh man that's what i was afraid of this
thing isn't budging it's all rust welded
in there i'm sure that rust expanded
it's making it impossible to get this
out so the trick here is to grab a
locking pliers and clamp it onto the
metal tube about one screwdriver length
away from the connector now what you're
going to do is get a pair of flathead
screwdrivers between the pliers and the
connector and pry at the connector back
and forth to loosen up that connection
then press the button down and use a
screwdriver to pry off the connector and
then we could pop it off the rest of the
way like that
and now this fuel pump is being held in
with one of these locking rings so to
remove it we just need to turn it but as
usual it's all rusted so it's not going
to be easy so cover the whole ring with
penetrating fluid and don't be afraid
you could use as much as you want of
this stuff then get a flathead
screwdriver and a hammer and work your
way around the locking ring hitting it
counterclockwise to remove it this might
take a few tries as it's on there pretty
good with all that rust eventually with
all the rust loosened up just a few more
hits and there we go the lock ring can
be removed now that we made a mess let's
clean up the rust so it doesn't fall in
the tank and finally we can pull the
fuel pump up and out of the fuel tank
now odds are you got some rust in the
tank so grab a paper towel and make sure
you remove all of it any rust or dirt
could cause the new fuel pump to clog up
and fail so inspect the tank and make
sure it's spotless like this beautiful
now i always like to match up both of my
parts the old part and the new part to
make sure they're identical and these
are so let's install the new one we'll
start by installing the o-ring which
goes right in this little channel here
then we can get the new fuel pump in
place being careful not to damage the
float and then the rest of the pump goes
straight in making sure nothing gets
hung up
just
like that then make sure it's facing the
correct direction and now we can get the
new lock ring over the fuel pump and
push it down into place with this we
want to hammer it clockwise until the
ring turns all the way to lock down the
new fuel pump and with the ring bottomed
out and turned all the way the pump is
locked in place finally let's connect
our fuel lines and they just press on
until you hear a quick and always try to
pull the connector off to make sure it's
secure all right now check out this tank
this looks brand new all cleaned up we
got the new fuel pump in there and we
are ready to install it in the
trailblazer and let's see if this thing
actually runs and drives
so let's jack the tank up about halfway
that way we could connect our wiring
harness to the fuel pump good and that
click means it's in and do the same for
the pressure sensor good and now we
could carefully jack it up the rest of
the way so that we could strap it in now
i like to use a little bit of medium
strength thread locker on these bolts so
they don't back out due to vibration
then get it in there with the strap and
hand tighten it and i'm going to be
using a digital torque wrench to torque
these to spec so they're supposed to be
torqued down to 24 foot pounds so set
the wrench to that good and as we
tighten this down a rapid beep means
we're close and a solid beep means we
met the specified torque
perfect same thing for the rear strap
hand tighten the bolt in place and
torque it down to spec
now in every video i make i always get
comments asking how do i find the
correct torque spec for each bolt
because it varies from car to car and
bolt to bolt so where i get my torque
specs well multiple places one i search
online and two i use repair manuals like
this and at the beginning of each
chapter you can see we have the fuel and
exhaust systems chapter it'll tell you
the torque for whatever fastener you're
looking for for example the fuel tank
mounting strap bolts the ones that we
just tightened 24 foot pounds is right
there so this is super helpful in
figuring out what the correct torque
spec is for the fasteners on your
vehicle all right so now let's lower and
remove the jack from under the tank and
let's go to the front of the tank and
attach those fuel lines the only trick
to this is you want to push the
connector until you hear a click
that click lets you know it's secured so
do the same with the other fuel line
good and now they're both securely
connected next at the back of the tank
let's install the hose onto the fuel
tank so wiggle it onto the tank until it
can't go any further down and then
tighten the hose clamp so it's snug and
the hose won't come off and with that
done let's bolt up the new charcoal
canister so out with the old melted one
and in with the new junkyard one next we
could torque down the three bolts that
hold it in
and now let's connect the three evap
hoses to the charcoal canister and it's
nice because each one's a different size
so you can't mix them up
then on top of the fuel tank connect the
wiring that goes to the purge solenoid
and connect the vent tube to the tank
and finally we need to connect all three
evap hoses to the tank like so
all right and with everything connected
our fuel tank is completely installed
now there's one more thing we need to do
and that is install this cross member so
let's finish this job up so align the
cross member hand tighten the bolt in
and then torque it down
and the same for the other side hand
tighten the bolt and then torque it down
and finally put the fuel pump relay back
in
reconnect the negative terminal onto the
battery
and then cover the fuse box
and that leaves us with one last thing
we need to do and that is fill up the
gas tank so we could try to start her up
so let's do that now we want to fill
this to at least a quarter of a tank so
there's enough fuel for the fuel pump to
prime properly and as we add fuel it's a
good idea to look for leaks and the most
likely place we're gonna get leaks is
right here where our hose connects to
the gas tank and in this case i don't
see any leaks so that's good so about
five gallons later let's tighten the gas
cap and we are good to go
all right moment of truth what we've all
been waiting for starting this car up
now since we just put a new fuel pump in
and there's new fuel in there what we're
going to do is we're going to turn the
key to the run position the fuel pump is
priming right now
just stop priming we're going to do it
again and this is gonna pressurize those
fuel lines it's gonna push all the air
out and push all the new fuel in also
it's a good idea go under the car where
you attached your fuel lines and make
sure since it's now pressurized there
are no leaks and this is leak free so
with those fuel lines pressurized let's
start her up
man she started right up that misfire is
completely gone this engine feels
buttery smooth that idle is good we have
good oil pressure the alternator is
charging this looks good no check engine
lights whoo baby and this sounds so so
good let's go for a ride and see how she
drives alright so we've been driving
around for about 20 minutes now we
filled her up with gas the tank is full
the operating temperature is consistent
she's not overheating that misfire we
had in the beginning is completely gone
with the new tank so that's fixed the
engine is super smooth the transmission
shifts nicely i mean everything the car
is tracking straight which is great
there's no clunks in the suspension
everything is working this is just this
is great what do you think coop
i can't agree more all right let's
finish up this test drive and head home
okay so we did it we fixed this 500 car
for less than 1 000 total including the
purchase price of this car how awesome
is that we spent 70 dollars to replace
this old muffler and install a brand new
one we spent 100
to replace this old melted fuel tank
with a junkyard version that works
perfect and for reliability we spent 230
replacing this old fuel pump with a
brand new oem one so together we spent
four hundred dollars plus five hundred
dollars for the car so nine hundred
dollars in total and this car right now
as it sits is worth about three thousand
dollars so a twenty one hundred dollar
profit and the best part is my favorite
part we brought a car back from the dead
this car was destined for the scrapper
and we fixed it at home ourselves using
common hand tools 150 piece socket set a
saw a hammer screwdrivers pliers that is
all it takes to fix something like this
you could do this at home but wait
there's more
although this car runs and drives great
it's incredibly dirty inside and out
look at how dirty these carpets are so
this interior needs a real good cleaning
also the door trim needs to be installed
on both sides and we need to fix our
center console which doesn't latch
and finally the outside of the car is a
mess the paintwork needs some paint
correction because i mean look at this
it's oxidized and dull and faded because
of the sun so in the next video i'm
going to show you how to detail this car
and do a full paint correction by hand
we're going to go from this to this
and this
to this
so there's going to be a lot of tips and
tricks in that video so stay tuned but
there you go for now you just learned
how to buy yourself an affordable
project car and fix it up at home on a
budget using common hand tools how great
is this i love it so hopefully you guys
enjoyed the video and learned a lot if
you did remember to give the video a
thumbs up if you're not a subscriber
consider hitting that subscribe button
for more videos just like this and for
the next video on cleaning this car up
and as always all the tools and products
i used in this video are linked in the
description stay tuned